Statement of Work
For the assignment given a database renewable.db , the aim was to locate the optimum location from the table Locations , along with the best port , from the table Ports to  minimize the cost of transportation.
I followed an incremental methodology to solve the problem , and the steps taken were as follows:
1 : Downloaded  the database and read it into Python using SQLite3 
This was done by creating a SQLite3 connection, and selecting the two tables Location and Ports respectively from the Database
 2: Stored the contents of the columns of the table into distinct lists. 
 3: Calculated the distance in Kilometers between any two points, given their Latitude and Longitude. 
The distance calculation was done in a function called Distance_sph() , based upon the methods found online. 
 4: Found the cost of transporting material from every other location to the specified location, and hence calculated the total money spent in transporting materials to that location. 
For this step a function called cost_transport_each_Location () was created. This function has a nested for loop within an outer for loop. For each iteration of the outer loop , it calculates the distance of the ith location from all the locations  by calling the distance function .That distance is used to calculate the total  cost of transferring from all  j-th locations to the given i-th location . The Cost has been assumed to be 8.25 Euros per km for the Truck per trip. The truck can carry 40 tonnes in a trip. Hence the number of trips required = Production/40 . This total cost is stored in the list cost_transport_location

 5:Found the cost to transport to the nearest port for each location. 
For this a function called cost_transport_Cost () was created. 
 Given that the total Production had been transferred to a particular location after 4, the production at each location had no effect on the cost now. So only distance was the factor influencing the cost of transport. Based on that the distance of the nearest port from each location was found (min(distance_port ) ,  and using that the cost to transfer to the port was found . The cost estimates remained same as before and Total_Production was used as the value for the production. The index of the closest port for each location was also stored in location_closest_port

6: Found the minimum cost from the total cost of transportation, and printed the Location as well as well as the corresponding Port.
The function minimum_cost is used for the above. It creates a list of total cost by finding the sum of cost_transport_location and cost_transport_port, and finding the minimum of the 2. That gives us the location, and for the above location, the closest port’s value is printed. 
As per my evaluation the results are :
The best location is location number 5 with longitude and latitude  52.34  6.48
And the best port for the above location is 3 with longitude and latitude 52.27   6.39
